hello guys sleeping here from WikiLeaks
and today I'll be doing an app review on
an app called robot adventure firstly
I'd like to say sorry for not being
active on YouTube for a while or posting
any videos but I thought I might kick
back into it with a little app review
that's my phone going off then but
anyway I'll just start a continue my old
game and the first screen we get is to
select a mission and missions earn you
points and they're just little missions
in game which you have to reach or
complete and you can use those points
you get from them in the shop right here
and I've actually brought every every
upgrade you can get because I just been
sweating out in this game really one of
my upgrades it's a spaceship and I have
a certain amount of fuel and it just
it's just a substitute for my little
robot man which the spaceship will
revert back to once it's run out of fuel
and what I'm doing now is collecting
collecting fuel tanks and diamonds which
get you points and they wouldn't say
fuel tanks get you obviously fuel the
objective is to get as far as you can
without colliding with any other vehicle
or or hitting an electric fence
basically what happen if you slide with
so many vehicles you'll eventually
plummet to ground and the game will be
over or the round will be over you can
get as far as you can I think I don't
think there's a way to complete it you
can just go on and on there might be but
obviously I haven't been there yet and I
want to show you example of what happens
when you die or you just fall as you see
I just hit a helicopter and there we go
the game is not over but what it means
it's around is over and you can even go
back to a shop or go back to the menu
I'll just show you the menu quickly the
first thing is your record records and
that shows you how what level you got to
what
ranked how much time it took for you to
get to that rank or that level it took
me quite a long time as I just messing
around and I'm generally not good at
gaming also you can see a help tab which
just tells you all the controls and
there's a mute button there so thanks
watching this video please subscribe go
check out my channel and comment if you
have any questions